Hi everyone, I'm going to teach you today.
make this beautiful bath for our
dolls and co-drivers very easy to
do a pilot co
so I 'll start with it
then you will need a
round necklace
another account takes off like this
or it could be the same as here you
Go get the hot glue that's here.
babyliss age color pink
there you lose or hot and with
continuous rains then your opinion
confirmed and will stay like this you can
do with various colors and with the types
different from pebbles making chocolates
having you will need a
bottle tuning and a bottle cap
place a small black electrical tape
in 20 pebbles of this type an account
take off in another school context and this
Way then you'll get the hot glue
puts the rest of the cup
glue here on that end and pick up the cap
the tank and glue in the middle
There you go and paint that part is a
planetinha is a permanent pen and will
to pass up here on top of me
take
After that you'll pay for the tape.
insulating and will seem to pass in that place
there you see that you have left a
part here then you will double double
here also to double folding or if you
Prefer you might cut but I
I'd rather do it because you already know
where it goes
You'll put these rules later.
You doubled the tape.
You can already paste your lines and you
will paint here with the insulation tape and
will stay in note
Just give it, you can fold it either.
say that you will get the camera had
and pass here and will paste with
the city united here in this part
You're going to wear the shirt I had.
permanent and also in that part you
you can use the final ti or the pink ink
to make this part here equal to the
team
After that you're going to get this little stone.
and will get the other one and make and put
here 15 and the cake will stay 5 kisses from
today go to piá young lady hell harry
potter
camila made jojo carolina wedge
doubt 4 638 camac andré a trieme h theory
resende tem es mr
monica hur acauã 9 high end cut to 99 ray
90 victory alencar
isabeli rodrigues da silva bruno
fernandes is to demonstrate that our
ray isabella victoria bruno júlia
carolina mischer gekko sabrina mh
dani rodriguez thanks for the homage
You're very beautiful, so kisses
monstrous for all of you
bye